...
Oh my God! Holy s***!
What are these things?!
Do I look like I know? Last thing I remember I was
Ugh! In a cave looking at some wet egg
and... oh that probably did it.
I told you not to look at that egg! It was too wet!
You don't get to tell me what to look at. I've seen your
poor and hub account. Also, who makes a poor and hub account?
The algorithm learns your preference is better that way.
Plus, if you get in kind of a cool enough relationship,
you can sort of follow each other
and check out each other's kinks, you know?
Alright, god damn, sold.
How do we get out of here?
Morty relax, they're face-hugging parasites. I don't think their society's gonna be that hard to navigate.
...
Okay, yeah, this might be a little harder than I thought.
Holy s***!
They've got an M&M store.
...
This is bad, Rick! This is really bad!
Just be cool, Morty. All we gotta do is blend in,
find our ship, and get the f*** out of here.
Alright, Morty, here's the plan. Put this back on your face.
I'm not putting that back on my face!
Relax, it's dead.
...
Okay, now it's dead. Come on, hurry up!
Rick, it's bleeding! It's bleeding acid!
Alright, well that should be the last of it.
If not, then just give me two tugs on the arm.
...
How's it going?
Yeah, I'm sure you'll make this into a beautiful short film
that your parents will pay for, Morty,
but right now, we really just need to find my ship.
You sure you're not just jealous?
Looks like I'm kind of a celebrity around here.
The future is yours, though!
Oh my God, I was just greeting you.
Congratulations
on making it into print media. Real bright future there.
Honestly, it's shocking to see the two of you together.
Because we're both geniuses?
No, because I've seen your videos
and you make me f***ed sick.
Fix him.
Glory to Glorzo! Sir, you shouldn't wander off like that. We've been looking all over for you. The project is ready for your approval.
Sir, is this man bothering you?
Um, no, he's fine. What project?
Jesus Christ, who the f*** was I?
Here's a scientific fact I'm not allowed to say. Our host, our biologically designed to incubate our eggs. If that triggers you, f*** off.
If it doesn't, please like and subscribe to new videos every Glorz Day.
Was I at least rich? Did I at least sell out and sell vitamins or something?
Rick, I've watched enough porn hub to know what a studio apartment looks like.
God damn. Jesus, your Glorzo got s*** done.
My lord, we await your command.
Oh, to shoot it at people?
Glorzo is peace. All shall be made Glorzo.
Glory to Glorzo!
I did this?
You and the amazing technology you both brought us.
Yeah, makes sense. And where was this heading? Earth? Probably Earthy Humans call it.
Yeah, well, okay. First of all, great work. You guys obviously put a lot of work into this.
Okay.
And you know, it shows. It really shows. But, um, I've been thinking and, you know, maybe we should just call this off.
Sorry, is there more?
Nope, nope. I guess, uh, that's it. Just don't Glorzo Earth.
Just would have been nice to have heard this sooner before we spent all day on it.
Yeah, well, I'm just hearing about it too.
You ordered it.
Right. I did. And, um...
I'm just saying, for next time, maybe put more thought into it before a whole day.
Okay, well, I'm sorry I made you do your job for a f***ing day.
You look like you were all really busy before I came in for...
Oh, boy, this guy's a genius, but at what price, you know?
You don't f*** you, Rick.
Who's Rick?
Yeah, well, if we're free to ask questions, why haven't you blinked for 20 minutes,
and why doesn't your mouth move when you talk?
Oh, jeez, look at me. I fell down on the floor.
Oh, let me, uh, help you out here, buddy.
Oh, thanks, man. Thanks, pal. That's right. I'm right back in the saddle here.
All right, f*** it. Run.
I hate this. I hate all of this.
Yeah, keep that feedback coming, Morty. It can only help.
Oh, man.
How big is this city?
I know. It's like Picolang. Are you f***ers or industrialists?
Man, feels kind of cramped.
I'm not sure.
Man, feels kind of good when there's no guilt, huh?
Yeah, it's like in Star Wars.
Yeah, just like in Star Wars. Go nuts.
Thank you, Morty. Give a little yeehaw if you want.
They always do a little yeehaw like a cowboy.
Yeehaw.
Good enough.
God, I needed this. Honestly, it's been a while since I've been able to just let loose, you know?
Just have fun. I'm sorry if I've been taking it out on you.
No, I get it. You got a lot on your plate, amigo.
I just wish you'd open up to me more about it sometimes.
You know, I'm your partner.
Thanks, Morty. I mean that. Thank you.
Sometimes I get a little in my head, you know?
Hey, man, that heads a good place to be.
Just, you know, I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Hey, man, that heads a good place to be.
Just remember to let me in sometimes, you know?
We'll do it, buddy.
What the f***?
Oh my God, this is so much fun.
I don't want to stop.
Yeah, it's like popping bubble wrap.
Honestly, I'm proud of us for not.
Totally.
It would have been cheaper.
We're low hanging fruit.
We're better than that.
Pearl Harbor, on the other hand.
Yeah, I think that's in bounds.
I am the god of dash.
And I'm better species.
So you did a 9-11.
Almost did a 9-11.
We went with the Pearl Harbor.
We're pretty classy.
Why were either of those an option?
Ask the Saudis.
Wow, damn.
Yeah, I'm getting political.
I'm political now.
How about you, Jerry?
You got anything to add to the family dynamic?
I've been getting into beekeeping lately.
Is something wrong with that?
What's wrong with that?
Don't I have the right to be happy?
To exist?
I'm sorry I didn't 9-11 Pearl Harbor before breakfast,
but I have a life too.
I have dreams.
And how summer did she have fun too?
Oh, um...
Summer was...
With us?
There.
You saw us take her in the car with us.
Yes.
Yes, yes, of course.
That's what happened.
And now she's...
Sleepy.
Um, she's... she's sleepy.
Really sleepy.
That's why she's not here.
So sleepy.
She's sleepy?
What the hell was that?
I didn't see you trying anything.
She's in the bed.
Isn't better than not shitting the bed.
Where's summer?
Geez.
Oh, man.
You know, maybe we went too hardcore on these guys.
Yeah, why do you think we never go back to a place we've already been?
Do you know how many adventures we could get out of Purge Planet,
Morty, Gear World?
I don't sequel.
It's called integrity.
Here, put this back on your face.
You kept it?
Oh, did you want a new one?
What's up?
Yo.
Oh, sh-it's them!
The worst thing to ever happen to us!
Yeah, that makes sense.
I'm sorry.
What happened to us?
Yeah, that makes sense.
Sorry, Morty.
We tried pushing it.
Time to go in hot.
Trick-pooter, initiate unnecessarily badass, pseudo.
Let's lick the s***.
Shouldn't we be finding summer?
Right.
Sorry.
I got caught up again.
God, do I need to take more Adderall
or am I taking too much Adderall?
Man, I shouldn't have gone with swords.
Yeah, I know.
My wrists are killing me.
Flamethrowers next time, for sure.
Can I get a laser whip?
Okay, but there's no way you don't chop your dick off.
Sum Sum, come with us if you want to live
at a lower standard than this, I guess.
Goddamn.
Empress, is everything all right?
Um, seize them.
Seize them?
What?
Summer, you bitch.
You're gonna be kidding me.
Nobody knows the trouble I've seen.
You know that song, Rick?
From when the prisoner's singing?
Come on, Morty, for f***'s sake.
It's my jail time.
I can spin it however I want.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, buddy.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, not in here, not in here.
Give me that.
Leave us.
What the f*** took you so long?
You left me here.
We didn't know you were with us.
Do you know how much s*** I've had to deal with?
You're in a cape, Summer.
How bad could it be?
No bad story ends with a cape.
You don't know anything about my story.
I couldn't help but wonder,
was Garcool really capable of consuming a living son?
Or was I simply getting too close to Garcool
when Garcool consuming me?
Rick, can we listen to something else?
Wait, she's just about to summon Garcool.
She's been talking about summoning Garcool
for three episodes, Summer.
Wait a minute, what's that in your mouth?
It's a toothpick.
I'm a toothpicker now.
Get used to it.
God, are you that desperate for a thing?
It is my thing.
Just like yours is dying alone and yours is jerking off.
At least jerking off tracks for my character, you know?
I like to jerk off.
I'm 14.
I own it.
Why jerk off too?
Jesus Christ, I don't want to think about that s***.
Stop, Summer, keep your toothpick.
Stop talking to your sister about jerking off.
Everyone pretend podcasting isn't boring.
Whoa, Morty, look how wet this egg is.
I don't know, Rick.
That looks a little too wet.
Don't touch it.
I'm gonna touch it.
Why are you guys screaming in an egg?
Shut up, Summer.
Just let us look at an egg.
Yeah, Summer, shut the f*** up.
Nobody wants you here.
You know, sometimes we like to go on adventures
and look at wet eggs, you know?
Can we just go?
This place is giving me the creeps.
Holy s***, I love this egg.
Hey, look, mine's doing it too.
Are you guys sure that face?
Oh, my God.
All is galorezo.
God.
God?
She has a toothpick.
Take it out and put her face in an egg.
God, for f***'s sake, how long have you been hatched?
30 seconds, I've been alive seven minutes.
Think before you-
Excuse me, seven minutes?
I've been here for 29 minutes,
but yes, take the toothpick out of her mouth.
Suck on her face this instant
and use her body to harm her.
What was that?
That is called responsibility.
He was part of our greatest generation.
He understood that what you need to do
is suck on her face, shit an egg, and die.
Wait, so all you do is live half an hour,
shit eggs and die?
Yes, we love it.
I'll do it right now.
Okay, you guys don't have to listen to me,
but I vote you don't do that.
And who's up for changing things around here?
Alright, look, this sh** has been brewing for a while.
I'm not going to win any popularity contests by saying it,
but here's the world as I see it.
Glorzo means Glory to me.
We've got too many eggs and no enough to suck on her face.
Like this life, and that's the way it goes.
Hello Troy, hello Jez, how's it going?
Really good, Commander.
Should be ready by tomorrow.
That is what I like to hear.
Great work, Glory to Glorzo.
Honestly, Summer, I can't thank you enough
when we met, we were just shitting eggs in a cave,
but you showed us life is about more than that.
It is about living.
And now, with these missiles,
we will be able to reach the entire universe.
We say it all the time, but I guess all is Glorzo.
Yeah, that sounds great.
And you've been great.
You've been so great that I've been thinking
maybe it's time for you to get off my brother.
Who's your brother?
Oh, this?
Forgot he was there.
Wait, what are you saying?
I'm saying that you've been great, Steve,
but we've been thinking it's time for a new chapter.
We?
Uh, is this Shane?
He'll be handling the day to day.
It's an honor to meet you, sir.
I might only be two minutes old, but I know you're a legend.
She doesn't care about us.
She just wants her f***ing host back.
I don't know what to do.
Oh, now you want my help.
Too late for that.
Come on, man, what is this sh**?
You don't get to do this to me.
We were in eggs together.
Oh, f***s, since we were in eggs.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Now you respect, like, the biological institutions now.
F*** you.
All you care about is progress and society and skyscrapers.
You don't care about f***ing biology.
Oh, yeah, well, what the f*** are you?
How come you haven't laid an egg inside this old man yet?
Yeah, because I do what I want,
because someone's got to stand up for what's right.
Why do you hate her so much?
Because she took you away from me.
Whoa, man.
Jesus Christ.
No, I didn't...
Whoa, whoa, no.
It's cool.
I feel the same way.
Oh, my God.
I wish we could suck on each other.
I want to suck on you, too.
I'm going to suck you so hard.
Suck me.
Can we do this?
Are we allowed to do this?
I don't care.
I just want you to f*** all of this.
Let's just get the hell out of here
and be whatever the f*** we want.
That's evolution.
That's progress.
I want a family.
Can we have a family?
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
Holy s***.
Oh, boy.
What are these things?
Do I look like I know?
Hey, wait a second.
How'd you know that last part?
You weren't there for that?
I had to fill in some gaps.
Everyone around the office knew about Steven Bruce.
I've got a plan, okay?
You just have to follow my lead.
The punishment is...
death.
Motherf***er, summer.
I said you have to help me.
I'm going to get you out of here.
Shut up.
Son, this is such bulls***, I'm literally stuck in this.
Female 불.
It's like ey saliva can suck.
It sucks.
More!
There's blood on the floor.
Some blood!
Something red is written on Bourbon from a book.
Abby's been hit a twelve percent
I hate being in my car.
You deserve it, you pieces of s***.
And to make sure the sentence is passed,
I shall be joining them in the car,
and we shall drive away from here and die.
Okay, guess what, everybody?
It's me, the whiny guy you never want to hear from.
She's trying to escape with her family.
My time to shine.
Executor!
For kickwampy morning now!
AHHHH!
Jesus, Morty, that's hot!
Alright, stop playing, Morty. I got this.
This is what we get for evolving.
Sorry! Sorry!
I'm sorry! We thought you were evil!
Why would you think that?
We had a giant tower that blared Glorzo is peace.
I know! I... Should... Should we help?
Oh, my God, it's horrible.
Got it? Going?
Okay, we're gonna hit the rock.
Should we just go?
You told us to go!
Once again, I'm so sorry for what they did.
You're part of this too, boo.
We hate you the most. Get out.
Jesus, Summer, why'd you let these things stay on us for so long?
I was working with a lot.
Just let me listen to the podcast next time.
Nailed that landing.
Huh. Neat-looking egg.
Okay, well, I'm not cleaning up this s***.
Maybe we, uh... Maybe we don't tell people about this one.
Did we at least learn something?
That we suck and everyone sucks.
I guess that counts.
Later, Chodes. Hit me on the next one.
You know, Rick, I'm sure you want to jump into another crazy adventure,
but can we just relax and maybe watch some interdimensional cable?
Cool if you are.
Honestly, that sounds great.
We don't need to try so hard, you know?
Let's just take it easy and riff, you know?
That's what I love about us.
Me too, buddy.
Do you suffer from Alzheimer's?
Rick, do you suffer from Alzheimer's?
Rick, do you feel...
Oh, God, I'm so sorry.
Do you feel...
Oh, God, I have to shit an egg.
Oh, my God, oh, sh...
Oh, it hurts.
Oh, God, is this how we die, Rick?
I don't know, Morty. Is this how we die?
I don't know.
I don't want to shit an egg, Rick.
Sorry, Morty, I'm sorry.
It's my fault. It's all my fault.
Hey, you two, did you...
Beth, your son is dying.
Say goodbye.
What are you...
Say goodbye to your little boy.
No, look away.
I'm making an egg, Mom.
I'm making an egg.
You said you'd keep me more in the loop this year.
Look away, Beth.
Daddy loves you.
My ass! My ass!
Is this it, Morty?
It's full circle from the pilot.
Full circle.
Oh!
Oh, I guess we...
I guess we both just had to take a sh...
Yeah, I guess we...
F***ing gross.
Guys, clean it up.
Look at your dad, such a dork keeping bees.
I mean, at least it's interesting, though.
At least, like, I wish my dad kept bees.
I mean, it's kind of cute, like...
Your dad keeps bees.
How old is your dad?
He's obviously beekeeping age.
I don't know.
I think it's kind of sweet.
Summer, I want to f*** your dad.
Oh, really?
Did you get any of that?